For all of these bugs I used pmd to scan and addressed them as I went through. It was very specific about what they meant as you can see. 

Line 112 on Department.java: The bug was that the result.toString() was in "";
[WARN] This analysis could be faster, please consider using Incremental Analysis: https://docs.pmd-code.org/pmd-doc-7.5.0/pmd_userdocs_incremental_analysis.html
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/Department.java:118:       LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/IndividualProjectApplication.java:40:      LiteralsFirstInComparisons:     Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/IndividualProjectApplication.java:85:      LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/IndividualProjectApplication.java:95:      LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/MyFileDatabase.java:35:    LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/MyFileDatabase.java:44:    LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/MyFileDatabase.java:54:    ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:    Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/MyFileDatabase.java:76:    LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/MyFileDatabase.java:100:   LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:40:   UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:42:   LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:45:   UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:   When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:48:   UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:   When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:72:   UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:73:   UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:77:   LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:79:   LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:110:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:111:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:117:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:119:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:144:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:148:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:170:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:174:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:199:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:200:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:206:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:208:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:237:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:238:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:244:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:246:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:275:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:276:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:282:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:284:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:287:  UnusedLocalVariable:    Avoid unused local variables such as 'requestedCourse'.
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:308:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:312:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:335:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:339:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:364:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:365:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:371:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:373:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:403:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:404:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:405:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:411:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:413:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:440:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:441:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:442:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:448:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:450:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:478:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:479:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:480:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:486:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:488:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:511:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:512:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:513:  UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:      Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:519:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteController.java:521:  LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/test/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/DepartmentUnitTests.java:32:       LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/test/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/IndividualProjectApplicationUnitTest.java:24:      LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/test/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/MyFileDatabaseUnitTests.java:14:   LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/test/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/MyFileDatabaseUnitTests.java:23:   LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/test/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteControllerTests.java:25:      LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/test/java/dev/coms4156/project/individualproject/RouteControllerTests.java:33:      LooseCoupling:  Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
(base) jayzmontoya@Jayzs-MacBook-Pro-2 IndividualProject % pmd check --dir src --rulesets rulesets/java/quickstart.xml --format text